Welcome, in this video, we're going to adjust the Git Bash temrinal to be a little bit more readable for the remainder of this course.
First of all, I'm going to go over to the Git Bash icon, and launch Git Bash.
As you can see, the default settings for Git Bash are a little bit dificult to read, so let's go ahead and adjust the settings
to be a little bit more presentable. I'm going to go up here to the icon for git bash, click on it, then select the "Options" menu item.
That brings up the options dialogue for the Git Bash environment. First, let's start with text.
So I'm going to select the text item, then, under font, I'm going to click on the select button.
Of the available fonts, I'm going to select Consolas; I'm going to keep it regular, and now I'm going to select 18 for the size.
Please feel free to slect the font, style, and size that best meets your needs. Once I've done that I'm going to click on "OK".
And when we return, font has changed to "Consolas, 18-point";
I'm doing this mainly for training purposes, so don't feel like you have to follow allong exactly.
The next item will be to adjust the window. So I'm going to select the "Window" item, and for me, instead of the standard 80 columns,
I'm going to use 120. If you prefer 80 that's fine, but I have found that 120 is a good number, especially for widescreen monitors.
And I just want a few more rows, so I'm going to bump this up from 24 to 28. Once I've made those adjustments, I'm going to click on "OK".
Now there are a few changes that have been made, but it's not fully in effect. In order to do that, we need to close Git Bash and re-launch it.
So either close Git Bash directly or type "exit'. Once git bash is closed, go back to Git bash and launch it.
Great, that's a little bit more readable.